---
layout: post
title: Person Ltd.
---

The Person Limited has had steady growth for several quarters. However, share
holders wants to boost the growth for new records. Therefore, the board has
decided to execute several changes. The core business, software developing,
remains almost unchanged but previously minimized sport sector will be
reevaluated. The HR department is going to have some title changes in near
future but nothing else is expected to change. The HR department is going to
continue its strong base work behind the success.

As mentioned, changes are conserning mainly on freetime department. In past we
were forced to move some of the resources for R & D department and make the
sport sector less heavy. Now it is time to balance it again. R & D will still
have plenty of resources and as soon as new innovative ideas rises, it will get
all the resources it need.

Eventough the sport sector is not bringing direct incomes it is important for
keeping the staff energized and innovative. In past, our sport sector were
aiming for competition success, now after SWOT analysis we have decided that our
strength is more in life style sports. We have strong knowhow on endurance
sports so we will take advantage of it but we are also aiming for Japanese
martial art Aikido. The board has strong vision that Aikido is going to be
cutting edge factor against our competitors. We also want to keep our selection
as broad as possible so we are not going to forget our strong winter activities,
telemark skiing and snowboarding. However, we are aiming to increase
cross-country skiing hours to very high level. That requires early wake ups at
the morning.

The changes are taking place immediately. Some changes has been already started
and also first results can be seen. For example staff has reported much less
upper back tension since rollerskiing has been taken to training schedule.
