---
layout: default
title: How this site was created
---

I do not have much experience on web design. I do know some techniques and I
know how to do web applications but how you make the site looking good. Yes I
know that with CSS you can do a lot but there are quite many options you can
specify. With editors you can make the site look great but I do not have any
web editor installed on my computer. I do know basics so would it be less work
to learn CSS little more than get an editor and learn to use it.

So the main thing in my mind when creating the site was KISS. No I did not
listen the whole discography of Kiss while coding the site. The kiss comes from
"Keep It Simple Stupid". The term was intoroduced to us by our teacher Jari
Soudunsaari on CCNA1 lessons in Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences. Yet I
think I succeeded on keeping the site simple.

Another thing I tried to keep in my mind was usability. Usability comes from
many things. The site got to be lightweight so it loads fast, text width got to
be easy to read, the site got to look good on different devices and so on. There
are also usability features that matters for the site creator and for the updator,
which in this case is me. If the one who updates the site finds it hard work, it
is not going to happen frequently. The site need to be easy to update, have an
easy structure, the updator need to be familiar with tools that he is using etc.

First I thought I do a simple page with PHP, html and CSS. That page I would
then host on somewhere. Then I took a look that my work project IgProf generates
its static website from markdown files with [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/). I
liked the idea that I do not need any other editor than
[vim](http://www.vim.org/) for text editing. [Github](http://github.com) allows
you to publish jekyll pages free of charge. On the Jekyll site there is a list
of pages that are created with Jekyll and has link to the source, where it is
possible to check how the site is created. With git and vim I can update the
site with tools I am familiar with.

Of course this is limited way to publish a website but it gives me all I need
with tools that I like to use.
